<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/" lang="en" xml:lang="en"> 
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /> 
      <title>Front‐end Development with ASP.NET Core, Angular, and Bootstrap</title> 
      <link href="WileyTemplate_v5.3.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
      
      <meta content="urn:uuid:68078093-7b10-42b9-8f32-0db0ecece3d2" name="Adept.expected.resource" /> 
   </head>
   
   <body epub:type="frontmatter">
      
      <section class="copyright" epub:type="copyright-page">
         
         <section><span id="f2-sec-0001"></span>
            
            <p><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="Page_vi" title="vi"></span><b>Front‐end Development with ASP.NET Core, Angular, and Bootstrap</b></p>
            
            <p>Published by<br />John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc.<br />10475 Crosspoint Boulevard<br />Indianapolis, IN 46256<br /><a href="http://www.wiley.com"><code>www.wiley.com</code></a></p>
            
            <p>Copyright © 2018 by John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc., Indianapolis, Indiana</p>
            
            <p>Published simultaneously in Canada</p>
            
            <p>ISBN: 978‐1‐119‐18131‐6</p>
            
            <p>ISBN: 978‐1‐119‐24396‐0 (ebk)</p>
            
            <p>ISBN: 978‐1‐119‐18140‐8 (ebk)</p>
            
            <p>No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
               in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning
               or otherwise, except as permitted under Sections 107 or 108 of the 1976 United States
               Copyright Act, without either the prior written permission of the Publisher, or authorization
               through payment of the appropriate per‐copy fee to the Copyright Clearance Center,
               222 Rosewood Drive, Danvers, MA 01923, (978) 750‐8400, fax (978) 646‐8600. Requests
               to the Publisher for permission should be addressed to the Permissions Department,
               John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc., 111 River Street, Hoboken, NJ 07030, (201) 748‐6011, fax
               (201) 748‐6008, or online at <a href="http://www.wiley.com/go/permissions"><code>http://www.wiley.com/go/permissions</code></a>.
            </p>
            
            <p><b>Limit of Liability/Disclaimer of Warranty:</b> The publisher and the author make no representations or warranties with respect to
               the accuracy or completeness of the contents of this work and specifically disclaim
               all warranties, including without limitation warranties of fitness for a particular
               purpose. No warranty may be created or extended by sales or promotional materials.
               The advice and strategies contained herein may not be suitable for every situation.
               This work is sold with the understanding that the publisher is not engaged in rendering
               legal, accounting, or other professional services. If professional assistance is required,
               the services of a competent professional person should be sought. Neither the publisher
               nor the author shall be liable for damages arising herefrom. The fact that an organization
               or Web site is referred to in this work as a citation and/or a potential source of
               further information does not mean that the author or the publisher endorses the information
               the organization or Web site may provide or recommendations it may make. Further,
               readers should be aware that Internet Web sites listed in this work may have changed
               or disappeared between when this work was written and when it is read.
            </p>
            
            <p>For general information on our other products and services please contact our Customer
               Care Department within the United States at (877) 762‐2974, outside the United States
               at (317) 572‐3993 or fax (317) 572‐4002.
            </p>
            
            <p>Wiley publishes in a variety of print and electronic formats and by print‐on‐demand.
               Some material included with standard print versions of this book may not be included
               in e‐books or in print‐on‐demand. If this book refers to media such as a CD or DVD
               that is not included in the version you purchased, you may download this material
               at <a href="http://booksupport.wiley.com"><code>http://booksupport.wiley.com</code></a>. For more information about Wiley products, visit <a href="http://www.wiley.com"><code>www.wiley.com</code></a>.
            </p>
            
            <p><b>Library of Congress Control Number:</b> 2018930062
            </p>
            
            <p><b>Trademarks:</b> Wiley, the Wiley logo, Wrox, the Wrox logo, Programmer to Programmer, and related
               trade dress are trademarks or registered trademarks of John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc. and/or
               its affiliates, in the United States and other countries, and may not be used without
               written permission. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
               John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc., is not associated with any product or vendor mentioned in
               this book.
            </p>
            
         </section>
         
      </section>
      
   </body>
   
</html>