<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/" lang="en" xml:lang="en"> 
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /> 
      <title>ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</title> 
      <link href="WileyTemplate_v5.3.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
      
      <meta content="urn:uuid:68078093-7b10-42b9-8f32-0db0ecece3d2" name="Adept.expected.resource" /> 
   </head> 
   <body epub:type="frontmatter">
      
      <section class="acknowledgments" epub:type="acknowledgments">
         
         <header>
            
            <h1><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="Page_xv" title="xv"></span><a id="fm7"></a>ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
            </h1>
         </header>
         
         <section><span id="f7-sec-0001"></span>
            
            <p><b>I WANT TO START BY THANKING MY GIRLFRIEND SIGNE,</b> for her support and for putting up with the many hours that this project took from
               my free time. This book would have not been possible without her support and blessing.
            </p>
            
            <p>Then I would like to thank the editorial group at Wiley/Wrox. To Jim Minatel for helping
               draft the original idea behind the book and getting started with the project, and
               to Kelly Talbot, who without any shadow of a doubt did an amazing job with the copyediting
               of the manuscript and improving the language and readability of the book, and who
               kept pushing me and motivating me during the various rewrites that this book needed
               due to fundamental changes in the technologies covered.
            </p>
            
            <p>And also a great thank you to Ugo Lattanzi, the technical editor, who helped catch
               some technical flaws and overall helped a lot with the quality of the book.
            </p>
            
            <p>Besides the people directly involved in the writing of the book, I also want to thank
               the ASP.NET team, first for creating such a great framework, and also for helping
               me out in the early stages to understand where the framework was going. In particular
               I want to thank Bertrand Le Roy, Scott Hunter, and Scott Hanselman for providing me
               with up‐to‐date details about the upcoming releases.
            </p>
            
            <p>A special thanks goes to Mads Kristensen for writing the preface and for always helping
               me out with questions about integration of front‐end features into Visual Studio 2017.
            </p>
            
            <p>I also want to thank Jason Imison for his help in better understanding the role of
               OmniSharp inside VS Code and to Juri Strumpflohner, for helping me out with some Angular‐related
               matters.
            </p>
            
            <p>Finally, I also have to thank my coworkers and manager Gunter for their support and
               review of the manuscript.
            </p>
            
         </section>
         
      </section>
   </body>
   
</html>